How do individuals envision their future financial success? This is the idea of perceived economic mobility (PEM).  
In the article, Keeping the American Dream Alive: The Interactive Effect of Precieved Economic Mobility and Materialism on Impulsive Spending, authors Yoon and Kim used the idea of PEM which served as a variable to provide evidence of an interactive effect between PEM and materialism on impulsive spending.
If an individual envisions a future filled with financial success they deem attainable the researchers labeled the participant as having HIGH PEM.
If an individual was pessimistic and highlighted the obstacles they face when trying to achieve future financial success the researchers labeled the participant as having LOW PEM.
To further clarify the main finding in this study assume that everyone in America is a materialist and engages in the habit of impulsive spending.
Now, a materialist in America could have HIGH PEM which means they are hopeful about their future financial success and that leads to LESS impulsive spending.
If a materialist in America does not have HIGH PEM then they have the counterpart LOW PEM. This means that the materialist is doubtful or negative about the barriers they encounter when trying to achieve financial success and this leads to HIGH impulsive spending.
Why is this main finding important?
It suggested that this finding could become a potential predictor of consumer behavior.
An American materialist with LOW PEM might not be hopeful about their future financial success because there is a sense of expectation and ultimately acceptance of their inequalities in power and wealth within society.
This is the theory of power distance in America and this study begins to shed a light on this topic in need of further research.
This research also helps highlight that America is experiencing a decline in its citizens trusting in the 'American Dream'.
Americans are increasingly adopting attitudes shown to categorize LOW PEM. People are becoming more negative about their abilities to financially succeed. 
